IWC VPN and Cloud Hub is not actually a service that you can go and find in the IWC console, what this
really is is a pattern and architectural pattern that you can use when you utilize the IWC site to site
VPN technology.
So let's have a look at the architecture in which you can implement Cloud Hub.
So we've got a VPC and we've implemented a virtual private gateway of GW and that's obviously deployed
on the IWC sites.
We then have multiple customer offices.
All of these could be customer data centers, but they're different on premises environments that we
want to connect using a virtual private network to IWC.
Now, the way that we connect them in a cloud hub topology is using a hub and spoke model.
So in other words, IWC is the hub, the VPC and then the spokes go out to each of these offices.
So what we do is we deploy a customer gateway into each of these offices.
Each of these customer gateways has a unique BGP asset, and that's a border gateway protocol.
Autonomous system.
No.
So BGP is a protocol that you can use for advertising routes to different parts of your network, and
each environment has its own ascent.
And that corresponds with the routes that would be advertised into the network.
So the IP prefixes.
So you must have a unique BGP asset for each of us, and then we can establish a VPN connection between
each of those customer gateways.
And the same virtual gateway on the U.S. side.
Now, network traffic can originate from an office and go to the VPC or the VPC back to an office.
But also, it can go between the customer offices or the customer on premises environments, whether
their offices or data centers.
So the customer office here can communicate via the VW.
So this customer office here?
So we're using the IWC site to site VPNs to establish a routing topology, which connects multiple customer
offices, as well as the VPC itself.
Now this is using IP set VPNs, the same VPNs as we just looked at in previous lessons.
So that's it.
That's VPN Cloud Hub.
As I mentioned, if you go around looking in the IWC console, you won't find cloud hub.
But if you actually do a search online, you'll find some articles about this architecture, which can
give you a bit more insight as to how it's set up.
But basically, we're just connecting multiple customer gateways to a single virtual private gateway,
and then it's up to you to configure your BGP protocol accordingly to advertise the routes that you
want to advertise into the network.
So that's set for a quick overview of cloud hop.
I'll see you in the next lesson.